README.md, before:

# Palladio-Addons-DataFlowConfidentiality-UncertaintyModelling
This replication package includes the source code, tests and corresponding model instances.

Project and package names have been chosen following the naming of the data flow diagramm approach of Seifermann et al. [1], which we base our implementation on.

## Requirements:
To build this project and run the included tests for evaluation the following reqirements need to be met:
- Java version 11 needs to be installed **and** set as default version
- Maven needs to be installed
- Depending on the operating system:
	- Linux: cmake needs to be installed
	- Windows: cmake and nmake need to be installed (e.g. via [Buildtools für Visual Studio](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/de/downloads/))

## Build Fuzzy Logic Libraries:
Currently, we support the use of FuzzyLite 6.0 operating systems.

1. Download the sources of fuzzy lite [Link](https://www.fuzzylite.com/downloads/).
2. Extract the archive.
3. Inside, open the *INSTALL* file with a text editor and follow the instructions to build the executable.
4. Afterwards, maneuver to the `./fuzzylite-6.0/fuzzylite/release/bin/` folder.
5. Copy the executables in the `./org.palladiosimulator.dataflow.uncertainty.fis.adapter/fuzzylite/` folder. Depending on the operating system: 
	- Linux: fuzzylite
	- Windows: fuzzylite.exe **and** fuzzylite.dll
	
## Build and Run Tests:
After the fuzzy logic libraries have been built and copied in the right folder, open a command line in this folder and run `mvn install`. This command builds the project and also runs the included tests.

## Bibliography
[1] Stephan Seifermann et al. "Detecting Violations of Access Control and Information Flow Policies in DataFlow Diagrams". In: Journal of Systems and Software (2021). DOI: [10.5445/IR/1000139064](https://publikationen.bibliothek.kit.edu/1000139064). Accepted.

Commit message:

TMP Updates for Replication Package: -Change naming of tests -Delete unnessecary tests -Update maven build -Add updatesites -Update README

README.md, after:

# Palladio-Addons-DataFlowConfidentiality-UncertaintyModelling
Project and package names have been chosen following the naming of the data flow diagramm approach of Seifermann et al. [1], which we base our implementation on.

## Prerequisites:
To build this project and run the included tests for evaluation the following reqirements need to be met:
- Java version 11 needs to be installed **and** set as default version
- Maven needs to be installed
- Depending on the operating system:
	- Linux: cmake needs to be installed
	- Windows: cmake and nmake need to be installed (e.g. via [Buildtools für Visual Studio](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/de/downloads/))

## Build Fuzzy Logic Libraries:
Currently, we support the use of FuzzyLite 6.0 operating systems.
1. Download the sources of [fuzzy lite](https://www.fuzzylite.com/downloads/).
2. Extract the archive.
3. Inside, open the *INSTALL* file with a text editor and follow the instructions to build the executable.
4. Afterwards, maneuver to the `./fuzzylite-6.0/fuzzylite/release/bin/` folder.
5. Copy the executables in the `./org.palladiosimulator.dataflow.uncertainty.fis.adapter/fuzzylite/` folder. Depending on the operating system: 
	- Linux: fuzzylite
	- Windows: fuzzylite.exe **and** fuzzylite.dll
	
## Build and Run Tests:
After the fuzzy logic libraries have been built and copied in the right folder, open a command line in this folder and run `mvn install`. This command builds the project and also runs the included tests.

## Import in Eclipse:
The source code can also be imported and executed in Eclipse. 
Download and open [Eclipse Modeling Edition 2020-12](https://www.eclipse.org/downloads/packages/release/2020-12/r/eclipse-modeling-tools). 
Open the *Install New Software* dialog in Eclipse and press the button *Manage..* in the top right. In the newly opened window press the *Import...* button. Select the included *updatesites.xml* in the import dialog, to import the information for all update sites necessary.
Now use the *Install New Software* dialog to install the following requirements from the imported update sites:

| Update Site | Package Name |
|--|--|
| Palladio 5.0 release | - Palladio Bench Addons |
|  | - Palladio Core Features |
|  | - Palladio Supporing Features |
| Orbit 2020-12 | - Apache Commons Lang |
|  | - Hamcrest library |
| Itemis Xtext | - Xtext Antlr |
| Prolog | - Palladio Supporting Features |
| Prolog4J | - Prolog4J |
| Data Flow Diagram | - Data Flow Diagram |
| Data Flow Diagram Confidentiality | - Dataflow Diagram Confidentiality |
| Maven Integration | - Maven Integration for Eclipse |
| MDSD Tools Standalone Init | - MDSD Tools Standalone Initialization |
| MDSD Tools EcoreWorkflow | - MDSD Tools Ecore Workflow |
| Latest Eclipse Release | - Modeling -> Xtext Complete SDK |

To run the test the fuzzy logic libraries still need to be build (see above).

## Bibliography
[1] Stephan Seifermann et al. "Detecting Violations of Access Control and Information Flow Policies in DataFlow Diagrams". In: Journal of Systems and Software (2021). DOI: [10.5445/IR/1000139064](https://publikationen.bibliothek.kit.edu/1000139064). Accepted.
